Okay.
So the final step of our refactor is replacing some old outdated imports across various components in
our app.
They were previously referring to the store directory, which means the index tax file.
But we've now moved that logic to separate files, and we need to make sure that the imports are correct.
So one way that you can quickly find out what's incorrect is by looking at your view dev server in the
terminal that will tell you whenever a view is unable to find a given import.
So that's one way that I was able to find a list of all the components I needed to go through.
Another way that we can do this is by going to the search feature in V code and we know that we previously
were importing from ACT Store in any components where we were relying on view logic.
We later on split this store logic into multiple files.
But if I simply search for this, we're going to find any files that are currently importing from that
index.
Just file in the store folder and we can make sure that their imports are correct or update them if
they're incorrect.
So for example, we get five files here, so let's go through them one by one in our main DHS file.
Here is where we are mounting and launching our View app.
Here we're importing the actual view store object and connecting it to our app.
So this import is just fine.
This is referring to our index that just file where we are still creating our store by importing all
of the requisite parts like the actions, getters, mutations.
This store right here is totally fine.
If we move on to job listings.
Here is where we run into our first problem in the job listings component.
We are importing a whole bunch of constants.
They no longer exist in this store index just file.
They exist in constants.
So right here we need to update this to be store constants.
Save that.
Moving on to the next one is going to be job filter sidebar organizations.
Once again, we're importing these constants.
And these constants, of course, may refer to mutations or getters.
We don't really care.
We just care that the names are coming from the right folder.
So once again, this is coming from store constants.
Save that file.
Then we're going to move to Main NAV.
Once again, this is a log user constant that's going to come from add store constants.
Save that.
And finally, in our sub nav component, we're importing filter jobs by organizations.
That's coming from Constance as well.
And that kind of speaks to the good elements of our design is that we're basically importing everything
from a constant directory and all of those names are referencing existing getters and mutations and
actions that are guaranteed to be real.
So we kind of keep that logic isolated in some folder and then a component.
We only import the name of the thing we want to use and then use the complimentary view function, whether
it be map getters, map mutations, map actions, etc. and it does all the work for us connecting that
name to our component, either as a computed property or as a method.
So in case anything is not working right now, I recommend you start up your view or view rather def
server or just shut it down with control c then rerun it again with npm run serve.
I'm just going to go check in my browser to make sure everything is running and it looks like everything
is working just fine.
I'm going to refresh the page, take a look at our sub nav.
Looks good.
100 jobs match to view tube point of view.
The numbers are changing.
The jobs in the right are changing.
So everything looks good.
All right.
So with that, we are good to wrap up this section in the very next lesson.